
    https://codepen.io/stevenservo/pen/LYZdRWM
    1. What is Semantic HTML?       
    clearly describes the meaningof the element
    2. What is HTML used for?           
    mark-up languyage for docs in web browser
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?         
    used to add attributes like images or URLS within HTML to tell it wwhere to place them  
    4. What is the h1 tag used for?         
    How many times should I use it on a page? H1 tags are used as the main header in a HTML file should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes      
    href and img src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?         
    Link href and rel?
    7. What is an id?       
    id gives us a naming scheme to use in css to style
    8. What elements can I add an id to?        
    just 1?
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?           
    only once
    10. What is a class? 
    multiple or group attribute in html css can then point to it to style
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    use button onclick="link address"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    displays text in place of image if image cannot be displayed 
    15. How do I refere3c874fclasses in CSS?
     i do not understand this question 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    allows to select all child elemts under the parent 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    you can do different types of actions like hover, used by typing :hover for example
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?\
    text transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style : dotted;
    color: black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* words */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm you need to make sure you do not need the file and or do not add a -r or you will remove everything within
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it help you manage the software and revert to earlier versionsd for revieqw if a mistake cripples the code
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    something meaningful or 15 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add colab, clone, create branch, add, commit, push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?